okay wait hang on when was bad do
another one
hang on let me get closer
oh my god my hands are shaking
you're on camera and video on video
hey let's see the ring let's see it oh
my hands are shaking okay beef how do
you feel I feel fantastic
your smile together is really I guess
come true
how do you feel I'm real not no hot at
all all right let's take a real picture
now
look at Kevin I'm just videoing here
happily engage the legs begin here the
end happily Everafter says my hands are
sweet hey did you like how I put it
oh that went down smoothly
I can't stop shaking my heaven how do
you feel alright guys so we're gonna
enjoy the rest of our day as an English